modname_PrideMod=Pride Mod


modoptions_PrideMod=Pride Mod

modoptions_PrideMod_Enabled=Enabled
modoptions_PrideMod_Enabled_sub=Toggles all Pride Mod reskins.

modoptions_PrideMod_MinimalBloom=Minimal Bloom
modoptions_PrideMod_MinimalBloom_sub=Reduces the bloom level of reskinned entities.

modoptions_PrideMod_GlobalPride=Set Global Pride
modoptions_PrideMod_GlobalPride_sub=Changes the pride for all pride settings.
modoptions_PrideMod_GlobalPride_title=Select Global Pride

modoptions_PrideMod_PrideSettings=Pride Settings
modoptions_PrideMod_PrideSettings_title=PRIDE SETTINGS


modoptions_PrideMod_header_CrystalHearts=Crystal Hearts

modoptions_PrideMod_ASideCrystalHeart=A-Side Crystal Heart
modoptions_PrideMod_ASideCrystalHeart_sub=Blue crystal hearts used in the A-Sides.

modoptions_PrideMod_BSideCrystalHeart=B-Side Crystal Heart
modoptions_PrideMod_BSideCrystalHeart_sub=Red crystal hearts used in the B-Sides.

modoptions_PrideMod_CSideCrystalHeart=C-Side Crystal Heart
modoptions_PrideMod_CSideCrystalHeart_sub=Yellow crystal hearts used in the C-Sides.

modoptions_PrideMod_EmptyCrystalHeart=Empty Crystal Heart
modoptions_PrideMod_EmptyCrystalHeart_sub=The white crystal hearts used in Farewell.

modoptions_PrideMod_GhostCrystalHeart=Ghost Crystal Heart
modoptions_PrideMod_GhostCrystalHeart_sub=Crystal hearts that have already been collected.


modoptions_PrideMod_header_MiniHearts=Mini Hearts

modoptions_PrideMod_BeginnerMiniHeart=Beginner Mini Heart 
modoptions_PrideMod_BeginnerMiniHeart_sub=Blue mini hearts used in the Beginner Lobby.

modoptions_PrideMod_IntermediateMiniHeart=Intermediate Mini Heart 
modoptions_PrideMod_IntermediateMiniHeart_sub=Red mini hearts used in the Intermediate Lobby.

modoptions_PrideMod_AdvancedMiniHeart=Advanced Mini Heart 
modoptions_PrideMod_AdvancedMiniHeart_sub=Yellow mini hearts used in the Advanced Lobby.

modoptions_PrideMod_ExpertMiniHeart=Expert Mini Heart 
modoptions_PrideMod_ExpertMiniHeart_sub=Orange mini hearts used in the Expert Lobby.

modoptions_PrideMod_GrandmasterMiniHeart=Grandmaster Mini Heart 
modoptions_PrideMod_GrandmasterMiniHeart_sub=Purple mini hearts used in the Grandmaster Lobby.

modoptions_PrideMod_GhostMiniHeart=Ghost Mini Heart 
modoptions_PrideMod_GhostMiniHeart_sub=Mini hearts that have already been collected.


modoptions_PrideMod_header_Strawberries=Strawberries

modoptions_PrideMod_Strawberry=Strawberry
modoptions_PrideMod_Strawberry_sub=Strawberries that have not been collected.

modoptions_PrideMod_GhostStrawberry=Ghost Strawberry
modoptions_PrideMod_GhostStrawberry_sub=Strawberries that have already been collected.

modoptions_PrideMod_GoldenStrawberry=Golden Strawberry
modoptions_PrideMod_GoldenStrawberry_sub=Goldens that have not been collected.

modoptions_PrideMod_GhostGoldenStrawberry=Ghost Golden Strawberry
modoptions_PrideMod_GhostGoldenStrawberry_sub=Goldens that have already been collected.

modoptions_PrideMod_SilverStrawberry=Silver Strawberry
modoptions_PrideMod_SilverStrawberry_sub=Silvers that have not been collected.

modoptions_PrideMod_GhostSilverStrawberry=Ghost Silver Strawberry
modoptions_PrideMod_GhostSilverStrawberry_sub=Silvers that have already been collected.


modoptions_PrideMod_header_Cassettes=Cassettes

modoptions_PrideMod_Cassette=Cassette
modoptions_PrideMod_Cassette_sub=Cassettes that have not been collected.

modoptions_PrideMod_GhostCassette=Ghost Cassette
modoptions_PrideMod_GhostCassette_sub=Cassettes that have already been collected.


modoptions_PrideMod_header_Flags=Flags

modoptions_PrideMod_SummitFlag=Summit Flag
modoptions_PrideMod_SummitFlag_sub=The flag at the top of the mountain.

modoptions_PrideMod_FinalFlag=Final Flag
modoptions_PrideMod_FinalFlag_sub=The flag in the Farewell golden room.

modoptions_PrideMod_Confetti=Confetti
modoptions_PrideMod_Confetti_sub=The confetti for summit checkpoints and the final flag.
